So when we click on the highest profile we have some new option updates.
Of course this one is extract.
This one is to import from your laptop.
Then Salmaniya auction integration about do cost profile.
So the one that we have had duplicate hosts profile.
That's when you have a host providing you can't duplicate it to another one.
You give it one example name but it's all description.
Next then finish.
That's me.
You want to make a small editing in that host profile and use it in a different I host.
When you have thousands E6 I host you want to make our editing for 50 is a host.
And another model different configuration to the other 50 six host.
So you simply duplicate this one you go to the second one and mix it in.
Then you attach it to the other 50 I host.
So then we have the option right collect copies switching from host.
That's mean you already have a cost and you want to update the host profile you can't copy the switching
from another host.
For example we create switching from E6 I want them we see that is I number two have the right seating
for our environment.
So we simply click on those click OK and we'll get updates from it.
Eyeholes number two then we have copies sitting sitting hosts profile.
This one copy sitting Krumholz this one copy CC to hospital fight.
That's mean you want to export some configuration from this one to the other one or to another one host
provider and then you have three or four highest profile then you want to export some special switching
from this host to the other hosts.
So we click on this one and then copy sitting there it'll give you to different city we have in the
hospital fine.
So if you remember this is the difference you think we have in a hospital fight.
So to just go quickly and then we're back to talk about it.
So for example we want to export the sitting of a network.
For example this has to have the right network configuration the profile of the different configuration
that we need except do a network seating that's cancel this one you have for example the host profile.
Number one we do good sitting in your environment.
Then as you are a manager you try to get another optimized seating of the network in your environment
you.
And I host and use it for the environment for example to mix and with that host.
Then you create our very good network seating in that host.
And you know that's the New York City will be very good on our other hosts.
So you simply expose the profile of that hosts.
But of course that not only have the network's seating does not have the star seating system seating
all the other seating.
It's only how do network seating the best network seating you discover at that moment what you're going
to do is to copy the network teaching and updated in the preview has to have the stars seeing the system
seating etc. you're only up there to do network seating.
So for that you got to the highest profile.
You click on Copi seating to Haast profile.
Of course we need to go to this one that we want is missing from this one to this one and not from this
one to this one.
So we chose the one that we explored to seemed to send Did you do one that with import sitting.
So we are in the highest profile member to the top of good networks.
We click on this button.
We chose the setting to copy to the other hosts provide we chose for those up networks to think because
we have a good network sitting in these halls.
Then we click next.
It's show you all the different hospitals available in your list to import your network seating that
we chose to we have this hosts provide number one.
It's the one that's only available so we click on that then we click next to show you all the details
on what the host profile will get on updates about the stitching.
That's kind of network seating Lavis which is which leg configuration et cetera.
So all the information about the network will be exported the scuzzy IP address etc..
Then finish and will updates from the hospital 5 to 2 hosts a profile one.
So it's bus successfully that has its capacity to host profile from host profile to to host profile.
What.